docs: Update docker readme example (#2242)
terraform-linters/tflint: README.md

docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/data -t ghcr.io/terraform-linters/tflint
```

> If you are using TFLint plugins and need to initialize them before running the tflint, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download plugins, you can override the entrypoint to a shell (`sh`) to run `--init` and the main command in a single `docker run` command:
```
